Update lightning_cli_advanced_2.rst (#15257)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/cli/lightning_cli_advanced_2.rst

    pip install omegaconf

> Once this is installed,
> 
> .. code: python
>     cli = LightningCLI(
>         seed_everything_default=True,
>         parser_kwargs={"parser_mode": "omegaconf"},
>     )
> 
> Specify the `parser_kwargs as above` then Lightning CLI will automatically handle variables in yaml files:
> 
> .. code bash:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then set omegaconf when instantiating the ``LightningCLI`` class:

.. code:: python
    cli = LightningCLI(MyModel, parser_kwargs={"parser_mode": "omegaconf"})
After this, the CLI will automatically perform interpolation in yaml files:

.. code:: bash
```

    pip install omegaconf

Then set omegaconf when instantiating the ``LightningCLI`` class:

.. code:: python

>     cli = LightningCLI(MyModel, parser_kwargs={"parser_mode": "omegaconf"})

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    cli = LightningCLI(MyModel, parser_kwargs={"parser_mode": "omegaconf"})
```
